CASMHMS-6144: Update CSM 1.6 docs to reflect CAPMC removal (#5319)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: introduction/deprecated_features/CAPMC_Deprecation_Notice.md

# CAPMC Deprecation Notice

### Status of CAPMC in CSM 1.6

CAPMC was deprecated in CSM 1.5 and intended to be removed from CSM 1.6.  The
decision was made to not remove it in CSM 1.6 so that existing dependencies
that have not yet transitioned to PCS do not break.  Support for CAPMC however,
is removed starting in CSM 1.6.  Everyone is encouraged to transition to PCS as
soon as possible.

### Deprecated Features in CSM 1.5

CSM 1.5 is the last release that will contain the CAPMC service. It has been
replaced by PCS. CAPMC continues to co-exist with PCS to assist in transition to

> PCS. CAPMC is slated to be permanently removed from the system beginning with

Reviewer: This still says that CAPMC is being removed in CSM 1.6, but that is not the case.

Author: Fixed.

# CAPMC Deprecation Notice

## CAPMC enters final life cycle before removal

> CSM 1.5 is the last release that will contain the CAPMC service. It has been

Reviewer: This seems inaccurate if CAPMC is still in CSM 1.6, but just not supported. Should this paragraph be reworded?

Author: Ooops, that was the 1.5 verbiage.  Should be removed and replaced with what I added.  Will update.

Reviewer: I still see this saying that CAPMC is removed in 1.6. Did you push up your changes?

replaced by PCS. CAPMC continues to co-exist with PCS to assist in transition to
PCS. CAPMC is slated to be permanently removed from the system beginning with
CSM 1.6.

### Status of CAPMC in CSM 1.6

CAPMC was deprecated in CSM 1.5 and intended to be removed from CSM 1.6.  The
decision was made to not remove it in CSM 1.6 so that existing dependencies

> that have not yet transitioned to PCS do not break.  Support for CAPMC however,
> is removed starting in CSM 1.6.  We encourage everyone to transition to PCS as
> soon as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that have not yet transitioned to PCS do not break. Support for CAPMC however,
is removed starting in CSM 1.6. Everyone is encouraged to transition to PCS as
soon as possible.
```

Author: Fixed.

Reviewer: I don't see this change pushed up.

### Deprecated Features in CSM 1.5

> CAPMC has been end-of-life since the CSM 1.3 release. The remaining APIs and CLI commands

Reviewer: This paragraph can probably just be combined with the reworded paragraph from above, since the only new information in it is that CAPMC has been end-of-life since CSM 1.3.

Author: That section was the section added for 1.5.  The section I'm adding is the update for 1.6.  Might be nice to have the historical context when customers read this?  Let me know if you agree or not, can update it if not.

Reviewer: I don't feel strongly about it, except that we should definitely remove the part that says that it is removed in CSM 1.6
